Ah, welcome.
Today, I have something to announce.
That's right, actually,
I was thinking of closing up SnackAI.
The reason being
Kind of like the previous surveys we sent out,
It hurts to say, but...
I don't have the money for the renewal.
There aren't enough customers.
We're in the red.
That's right.
The thing about my shop is, right?
If it's just for here, there's that, y'know?
What about in Kanto?
The Kansai branch is independent,
but the Kanto branch would also close.
But it's still hard to say.
I've never mentioned this to the Kanto branch before
so, I'm going to call them and told them I was thinking of closing,
And hear what they think
Ok?
(Ah, hello?)
(This is SnackAi Kanto.)
Ah, hello?
Is this the Kanto manager?
Ah, the owner!
Thanks for your hard work.
What can I do for you?
I need to speak with you about something. Actually, It's something important.
(Yes? What is it?)
The thing is...
(The thing is?)
I'm planning on closing the shop.
Huh? What?
Ah, you're joking, aren't you? Don't do that please.
Ah, this... isn't a joke.
Can I be honest with you?
(Yes.)
Our profits are down.
(Oh...)
(Ah, but without this shop,)
(I'll become a Virtual NEET...)
That's the same for me!
But still,
There is the possibility of only closing one shop.
(Ah, really?)
(How?)
If this video gets 300,000 views within a week,
We can avoid closing for now.
(300,000 views...)
If more customers come,
We don't have to close the shop...OK, I got it
(I will watch the video myself)
No, that’s not good.
It’s meaningless..so..
We have to trust them..if they are our true customers
They will watch our video no matter what
(Oh…)
(Ok I understand..)
Well, sorry… that's about it.
This might be your last time to show up in this channel...
Say one last message to the viewers.
(Everyone.)
(So that I don’t become a Virtual NEET,)
(Please be sure to increase the view count to 300,000!)
(As the subscriber count is close to 400,000 now..)
(If everyone watch the video just once…)
(I will be able to escape from becoming a NEET)
(Please..for the sake of me being able to listen to you guys again!)
(Please!)
Everyone… That’s how it is… we’re counting on you.
Manager in Kanto,
if this videos gets 300,000 view, we'll see you again
(Understood!)
Then
It's about time to open up so
That's it for today
Goodbye
(Yes!)
(Excuse me~)
But well
Even though I said all that,
well
It can't be helped
So let's regain our composure
and listen to everyone's worries as always.
What worries?
Mm
I want to hear it
Mm mm
What is it?
I see
Well then,
Well, I will try to talk to everyone as usual
Is that okay?
Okay
Pen name: Ecchan
"I'm a student from Indonesia.
This year, I'm going to Japan to meet the person I like.
I want to go to the fireworks displays and summer festivals with her,
but she has said that she doesn't really like rowdy places.
AI-san,
What should I do?"
I see!
This!
You know
If you like that person,
you should cater to their preferences
Fireworks displays and summer festivals can be,
gone separate,
friends or something,
make some and go with them
and go somewhere she likes
If she doesn’t like rowdy places
go to a quiet place
like the sea or something?
How’s that?
And take it easy at that quiet place
if that is possible
research
places that she likes
and go together
to that place she likes
Even if you force her along
if she doesn't like it, it would be pitiful
you could also go the watch the fireworks together
looking at the fireworks hand in hand
in a quiet park
sounds good right?
At the summer festival,
there are a lot of small
places that get a lot bigger, so make sure to do research.
Saying that there's a person you like
means you guys haven't started dating yet, so
good luck! Next one!
Ah, Morito! tell me, what's on your mind
just say it
Pen name: Morito
“Hello Ai-chan!
(Don't call me Ai-chan, call me Mama)
I'm in high school in Taiwan
I always watch your videos!
(Well thank you!)
My question is
I decided which university I want to join
in September.
A course in Japanese in a Taiwanese University.
I'm really nervous.
What do you do when you're nervous, AI-chan?”
Ah I see
I keep saying this but don't call me AI, call me Mama
When you're nervous huh
I don't really have that
Cause I'm a super Ai..Mama
Even though I don't have those times
What kind of worry in school?
How does school make you nervous?
nervousness of meeting new people?
If that's the case
Then be brave
and try your hardest to talk to people
If you make one friend, you will get less stressed out
so just make a friend asap
to make yourself feel better
In my case, if I got really nervous, I will do it no matter what
well, even tho I'm nervous,
I will do it..without a second thought
Like it’s nothing.
If you’re standing in front of strangers
and you're feeling stressed,
that's just good practice!
Well, is that a little better?
It'd be good if you could do it like me.
A stress-free life.
Well, you two? Did that help?
Even if it's just a little, that's good, right?
I was really fast this time, but
It feels like being asked what our operating hours are.
But well, a few things happened today, like the meeting about closing,
Will we close?
Today might be the last time, but
If everyone watches, then
There might be a next time, so
I want to hear from you! Your worries, your stories, your questions, I'm always waiting!
If now isn't the last time.
You all get it, right?
I want to see you all again, your Kanto Mama too.
Right right.
If you could tell your friends about this place, so I can welcome them in!
Ah, it's about time to leave. (??)
Bye bye!
Take care, okay?
Let's meet again!
I want to have some more fun with you!
Mm
Bye bye!
Take care, all right?
Mind the step.
Yes,
Bye bye!
More at the end!
Translated by Lime_Grab, Inori, Myi, Jejer, JcDon, and Averitius
Join our discord at AI Channel Unofficial!
I'm sorry, Jessica!
I’ll help you find some new job
Maybe I should work in HR. Get to fire people...